Add page for seeking and giving better feedback (#2060)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/communication/seeking-and-giving-feedback.md

# Seeking and giving feedback

Seeking and acting on feedback is crucial for making good decisions and delivering our best work. Good feedback is a product of an intentional environment with positive feedback loops.

## Seeking feedback

When seeking feedback at Sourcegraph, it's important to:

- Specifically say what *kind* of feedback you're seeking. A thumbs-up, thumbs-down? A gut call on the better of two approaches? A detailed critique?
- Ask *specific questions* that you want feedback about.
- Provide *context*. Make sure the specific problem and goal is clear.
- Seek feedback according to [project roles](#project-roles).
- After receiving feedback, follow up. Recognize contributions and share how you will move forward.

### Great examples of requesting feedback

(To be added!)

## Giving feedback

When giving feedback, it's important to:

- Make sure you understand what kind of feedback is sought. If it's not clear what kind of feedback is sought, clarify before giving feedback.
- Focus feedback on the specific feedback sought. Other feedback may be valuable, but should be separated into a distinct conversation.

> - Provide feedback in terms of **why**, not **how** (unless specifically sought).

Reviewer: I agree with this line in general but I'd like to make it clear here that it's ok to suggest a potential solution @quinnkeast. Maybe we can describe it:

'When providing feedback always start with **why**. You're welcomed to suggest a potential solution (the **how**) but you need to describe your reasoning first so that your proposition is easily understandable.'

Author: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Always start with **why**, not **how**. Potential solutions can be useful to clarify your feedback, but aren't feedback in themselves.
```

Reviewer: Looks good, thank you @quinnkeast !

- Clarify where the feedback is coming from: is it based on a heuristic or best practice? Is it from a previous decision? Is it rooted in personal opinion?
- Focus on the work, not the individual.

Keep in mind that providing ongoing feedback is distinct from [disagreeing with a decision](code_of_conduct.md#conflict-resolution). Typically, feedback is sought when a decision is yet to be made.

### Great examples of providing feedback

(To be added!)

## Project roles

When a project has multiple stakeholders, it's useful to identify specific levels of participation through project roles. Each project should clearly state who is:

> 1. **Responsible:** Those who do the work to get things done.

Reviewer: Should we add those categories of stakeholders to the RFC templated @quinnkeast @christinaforney ?

Author: I _think_ we talked about this when RACI roles first came up, and we agreed that if people find them useful, they'll start being used. Personally, I think they're only useful when an RFC reaches a certain level of definition (e.g. defined project and team). Too early, and they get in the way of defining the problem and proposing a solution.
